Update JavaScript-Node.js-GitHub-Actions-Guidelines.md (#10)
kontent-ai/kontent-ai.github.io: docs/ci-and-automation/js-guidelines/JavaScript-Node.js-GitHub-Actions-Guidelines.md

lts/*
```

### Codecov support

You can register the repository to be used in the [Codecov](https://about.codecov.io/) test coverage.

> Kontent.ai GitHub organization have the [Codecov application](https://github.com/apps/codecov) allowed for all repositories, so the only thing to do is add aditional [codecov github action](https://github.com/codecov/codecov-action) step into the github action workflow.

Author: ```suggestion
Kontent.ai GitHub organization has the [Codecov application](https://github.com/apps/codecov) allowed for all repositories, so the only thing to do is to add additional [codecov github action](https://github.com/codecov/codecov-action) step into the github action workflow.
```

```yml
steps:

> - uses npm run text # mostly `jest --collect-coverage` - default reporter is compatible with Codecov

Author: ```suggestion
- uses: npm run test:coverage # mostly `jest --collect-coverage` - default reporter is compatible with Codecov
```
